ladies and gentlemen a very good
afternoon we're looking forward to
seeing some real talent out here on the
stage of our Scottish schools fight band
championships it's the first time that
we found out our freestyle competition
really really looking forward to this is
never really finds in an orchestra but
it's never really found in pipelined
either I think that's pretty cool I
heard one of the pipe shooters have one
of the bands going to freestyle say
where the bongo drums and I bet that's
the first time he's ever said that in
his his career as a pipe shooter
the freestyle competition was really a
bit of a leap in the dark we didn't know
if people would embrace the concept if
people even understand the concepts well
looking to see how they can think
outside of the box combining the jazz
intro with a traditional bag paper to
put a different slant on everything they
can put their bag peeps down and pack up
another instrument when you're playin
paper bands it's quite formal this is
much more fun in the sense it's a bit
more relaxed they can do whatever they
like in the free still that's the beauty
of it for me the most important thing
they have fun
and all the different instruments and
get them to work together the papers
always makes it difficult for the rest
of instruments to actually Huber the
flea there's a group effort and it takes
a lot of practice to get however we can
stand in front of an audience in
computer
it just gives us lots of scope to use
the whole music department in the school
and not just to pay banked it's waiting
the perspective of what paid by music
Asst some real innovation and musicality
and great thing is that we saw a large
number of the pipe tutors from other
schools watching it and I feel certain
that next year they're going to be here
as well
kyoko really far it's like a way to make
it your own you can do whatever you want
with it look better because you know you
having fun doing it I think we should do
it all the time
you